Free radar on low power (#1637)
Vinifera-Developers/Vinifera: docs/Mapping.md

![Score screen colors in DTA:CR](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bc901430-abfc-4b8e-9648-107d07b7eafe)

### Free Radar

> - Free Radar can now be made to work even while the player is in low power. The scenario must enable Free Radar (`FreeRadar=yes`) for this feature to be considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Free Radar can now be made to work even while the player's house is low power. The scenario must enable Free Radar (`FreeRadar=yes`) for this to take effect.
```
